#qreader.c#:#include qreader.h
#qreader.c#:#include latcolmat.h
#qreader.c#:#include latcolvec.h
#qreader.c#:#include latcomplex.h
#qreader.c#:#include latdirferm.h
#qreader.c#:#include latdirprop.h
#qreader.c#:#include latint.h
#qreader.c#:#include latrandom.h
#qreader.c#:#include latreal.h
latcolmat.o: sources/qcomplex.h
latcolmat.o: sources/lattice.h
latcolmat.o: sources/latint.h
latcolmat.o: sources/latcolmat.h
latcolmat.o: sources/latrandom.h
latcolmat.o: sources/latcomplex.h
latcolmat.o: sources/latcolvec.h
latcolvec.o: sources/lattice.h
latcolvec.o: sources/latcolvec.h
latcolvec.o: sources/qcomplex.h
latcolvec.o: sources/latint.h
latcolvec.o: sources/latcomplex.h
latcolvec.o: sources/latrandom.h
latcomplex.o: sources/lattice.h
latcomplex.o: sources/latcomplex.h
latcomplex.o: sources/latreal.h
latcomplex.o: sources/latint.h
latcomplex.o: sources/latrandom.h
latcomplex.o: sources/qcomplex.h
latdirferm.o: sources/qcomplex.h
latdirferm.o: sources/lattice.h
latdirferm.o: sources/latint.h
latdirferm.o: sources/latrandom.h
latdirferm.o: sources/latcomplex.h
latdirferm.o: sources/latcolvec.h
latdirferm.o: sources/latcolmat.h
latdirferm.o: sources/latdirferm.h
latdirprop.o: sources/qcomplex.h
latdirprop.o: sources/lattice.h
latdirprop.o: sources/latcolmat.h
latdirprop.o: sources/latdirferm.h
latdirprop.o: sources/latdirprop.h
latdirprop.o: sources/latrandom.h
latdirprop.o: sources/latcomplex.h
latdirprop.o: sources/latint.h
latint.o: sources/lattice.h
latint.o: sources/latint.h
latrandom.o: sources/latint.h
latrandom.o: sources/latrandom.h
latrandom.o: sources/latreal.h
latrandom.o: sources/latcomplex.h
latrandom.o: sources/latcolvec.h
latrandom.o: sources/latcolmat.h
latrandom.o: sources/latdirferm.h
latrandom.o: sources/latdirprop.h
latreal.o: sources/lattice.h
latreal.o: sources/latreal.h
latreal.o: sources/latint.h
latreal.o: sources/latrandom.h
latreal.o: sources/latcomplex.h
lattice.o: sources/lattice.h
lattice.o: sources/latint.h
qcomplex.o: sources/qcomplex.h
qdpc_io.o: sources/qdpc_io.h
qdpc_io.o: sources/latcolmat.h
qdpc_io.o: sources/latcolvec.h
qdpc_io.o: sources/latcomplex.h
qdpc_io.o: sources/latdirferm.h
qdpc_io.o: sources/latdirprop.h
qdpc_io.o: sources/latint.h
qdpc_io.o: sources/latrandom.h
qdpc_io.o: sources/latreal.h
qgamma.o: sources/qcomplex.h
qgamma.o: sources/qgamma.h
qgamma.o: sources/latdirferm.h
qgamma.o: sources/latdirprop.h
qvector.o: sources/qcomplex.h
qvector.o: sources/qvector.h
